README.md, before:

# Daily Affirmations
### JavaScript Portfolio Project for Codecademy

Simple daily affirmations generator

## Table of Contents
- [General Info](#general-info)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Status](#status)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)

## Genaral Info
This project is a portfolio project that I built for the Codecademy Full-Stack Engineer Career Path. 

The project prints to the terminal a ASCII art mirror and a randomly generated daily affirmation using words and phrases from 4 different arrays. 

## Technologies
Project is created with:
- JavaScript: ECMAScript 2020
- Node.js: v14.17.3

## Set Up
First, install Node.js if you don't already have it installed on your machine

To run this project, follow these steps:
- In the terminal, navigate into the directory in which you would like to clone the project
- Clone my repository into that directory by typing:
```
git clone https://github.com/lofiandcode/daily-affirmations.git
```
- Change into the daily-affirmations directory
- Finally, while in the daily-affirmations directory, type in the terminal
```
node App.js
``` 
- Now hit enter.

## Status
Project Status: Complete

## Inspiration
The format of the daily affirmation is based on the one used by the Stuart Smalley character in the SNL skit "Daily Affirmations with Stuart Smalley".

The project was also inspired by required elements of the portfolio project Mixed Messages that is part of Codecademy's Full-Stack Engineer Career Path.

Commit message:

Refactor with modules in Node.js syntax

README.md, after:

# Daily Affirmations
### JavaScript Portfolio Project for Codecademy

Simple daily affirmations generator

## Table of Contents
- [General Info](#general-info)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Status](#status)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)

## Genaral Info
This project is a portfolio project that I built for the Codecademy Back-End Engineer Career Path. 

The project prints to the terminal a ASCII art mirror and a randomly generated daily affirmation using words and phrases from 4 different arrays. 

## Technologies
Project is created with:
- JavaScript: ECMAScript 2020
- Modules in Node.js
- Node.js: v14.17.3

## Set Up
First, install Node.js if you don't already have it installed on your machine

To run this project, follow these steps:
- In the terminal, navigate into the directory in which you would like to clone the project
- Clone my repository into that directory by typing:
```
git clone https://github.com/lofiandcode/daily-affirmations.git
```
- Change into the daily-affirmations directory
- Finally, while in the daily-affirmations directory, type in the terminal
```
node App.js
``` 
- Now hit enter.

## Status
Project Status: Complete

## Inspiration
The format of the daily affirmation is based on the one used by the Stuart Smalley character in the SNL skit "Daily Affirmations with Stuart Smalley".

The project was also inspired by required elements of the portfolio project Mixed Messages that is part of Codecademy's Back-End Engineer Career Path.
